okay this is Skylanders battle round 15
I would represent team green he'll
represent team blue and we will Skyler
in her battle with the Skylanders that
we pull from these bags so this is round
15 it's at around 16 but I've got a
comment that says to keep going on this
series so I thought about that and I
came up with the idea to like make a new
season of this where all the winners
that have won the battles that we've
previously done will be put into the bag
and drawn out to battle against each
other and then we'll have one skylander
winner at the end but that's not right
now because we're on round 15 so let's
get pulling the Skylanders today I'll
battle with camo the light element today
I
drove all of the tech out okay so let's
get it started
all providers
and that was the end of round 15 team
blue wins with robots